Add section for building SITL binaries for Windows (#3453)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/building-setup-windows-cygwin.rst

::

      export DISPLAY=:0.0
      
Build SITL binaries for Windows
===============================

> You can build 32-bit binaries to be run outside of Cygwin will a small set of companion files. This can be useful when used in conjunction with Mission Planner to run SITL with a stable release build that is not from the master developement branch of ArduPilot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build 32-bit binaries to be run outside of Cygwin with a small set of companion files. This can be useful when used in conjunction with Mission Planner to run SITL with a stable release build that is not from the master development branch of ArduPilot.
```
